c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll.config
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Examine.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.dll
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.pdb
c:\users\gabormolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BourneCars\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll.config
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\businesslogic.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\cms.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\controls.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Examine.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\interfaces.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.dll
C:\Users\GaborMolnar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BourneCar\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll.config
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\BourneCars.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\businesslogic.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\cms.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\controls.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Examine.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\interfaces.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mitto\Source\Repos\BourneCars\obj\Debug\BourneCars.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
